1 (Connections):
	Connecting:
		
		ACCEPT A* AS A VIABLE OPTION (major issue, cannot ignore axises)
		
		Move characters to be outside of one_d_root (for all dimensions)
		
		Pathfinding: change algorithm for current direction:
			
			Create a new node that inherits from 3DPathfind, replace it's algorithm like you would a virtual func
			
			(ask specifically for Axis Pathfind Weight)
			
			y-Axis is free,
			z-Axis is free, (and so on)
			x-Axis is free 
			Manhattan Distance for a grid based system:
				GDextension??? Might need to reask on Discord...
			
			
			Best Position Choice AI:
				Within Distance to attack, but as far away as possible
				Cover
				Line of Sight,
				Some objective or something
				
		Make the Grid-Based System...
		
		Attacks:
			Hitboxes
			Env. Blocking
			Line of Sight
			Ranged vs Melee attacks
			different targeting system
			rat spawning position
		New things:
			Environment,
			Movement Distance,
			Position shifting (from/to 1D, 2D from / to 3D is already covered)
			Beep-O Camera (Rabbids)
			Default Camera is set to be centered around a specific point, rather than a player
			2D and 3D grid
			Pathfinding (ooohhhh 3D pathfinding!!) (plus Manhattan Distance rather than Euclidian)
			"Move" Tab (how is jumping implemented)
			Sight lines and area of range for attacks (ranged vs melee)
		
		Transitioning: find position on 2D screen of a 3D character (local):
			Upon Kitty's Reflection, sees greater world, zoom into Kitty as through a 2D camera into single pixel of color
		Move camera script to not be apart of just one player (but the average position of each of them)
	
	Design Choices: 3D doesn't display exact numbers, which could make or break your run
		Sprun isn't ever spent in 3D, but it always restarts at the start of Prep (to fufill, just don't add set_sprun into 3DPlayer add_do_intended_action)
	
	Major issue: Connecting Global_Player stats to fit within 1D_Player stuff... needs a new script for every actio
		Maybe not, instead make a global_player_script, inherits from global_npc, all moves do the same thing, no matter what root, without having to remake every Action!!!!!!!!!!!
		# however, you lose all of the visual functionality that you individualized to the roots to begin with... welp, having multiple scripts based on what dimension isn't the worst thing...
			(come on past me, it's a terrible thing)
			Besides, enemy stats (intent + hp) are rerolled every time dimension shifts
	
	Display 3D intent, likely on corner of character symbol in TurnQueue
	
	Connecting likely isn't a good idea, should rewire and restart the project if I should continue it
		(rewriting every single player script twice is a horrible idea)
			(rewriting the entire thing though? It's not uncommon but it still seems a little too much)
		Could also redo the prep system while I'm at it haha
		
		Player Globalization:
			Player stats, such as HP, shouldn't be directly in the scripts of what represents them, but in Root
				When HP changes, signal, the representation in [dimension] catches it and responds...
					intended_target would target a resource, not a node?
	
2 (Actions and fun stuff!):
	All Actions should have sound effects! put it in the Action Resource
	
	Revival 
	Attack that also charges sprun
	Attack that also defends
	Heavy Block (costs sprun)
	Full Block (Like Defect's Barrier)
	Call attention (utilize aggro) [plus this is basically the opposite of Kitty's Hide]
	Salve (prevents a debuff) + Removing all debuffs upon using a buff
	Double Damage team next move
	Minor / Cheap heal 
	Trap (attack, only in Prep, damages enemies as soon as they appear)
	Attack that does more damage if enemy has [DEBUFF]
	
	Strength / Dexterity Buff (would also entail adding these nums to the UI bar)
	
	(needs inventory system) Raccoon eats trash and washes hands
	
	Characters!!!!!!!!!!!!:
		
		Blood Lord Vampire character? (probably useful with Rodent Lord):
			Bite allies + enemies to heal (-2), 
		
		Bard Character (Carroto from Nabiu):
			Free Bless (remove debuff)
			weak attacks
			Increases Attack/DEF/SPEED/ something else for all characters, likely as a buff (power of music lol)
			
		
		Red Panda (fire moves!!!):
			I love Red Pandas okay
	
	All Actions have sound effects, in their resource, played on animation
	
	Enemies:
		Attention grabbers (forces targeting, except for group attacks and probably something else)
		Healer
		Bomber (full group attack)
		Debuffer / Drains Sprun?
		Group shield
3:
	Constantly a timer til the next wave, rather than prep rounds at the end of beating all enemies in a wave
		Fixes a balancing problem where players can hold onto one weak enemy, and keep gaining Sprun
	Show Next Enemy Wave in Prep Rounds
	Enemies utilizing debuffs (poison, fire, maybe weakening or destrengthening if I make those)
	Sprun Movement Shifting depending on size (too far when small, too close when big)
	Center "Wave Cleared"
	Litle dialogue things (but even more, like character-to-character interaction, and in the middle of battle...)
	Cat Battle! (don't actually hit the cat, or bad stuff happens)
	Turn Limit til next wave (prevent hold onto one enemy to increase Sprun stats) - Porklike! Invincible Enemy that appears after a certain number of rounds
	Create Custom Theme (buttons, sliders, the whole shebang)
	Differentiate between similar enemies and rats
		Resizing Actions Tabs (think about when I played my own game on mobile) - Only changed by font_size, or perhaps add code..?
	Resize Entire Screen (any idea how truly useful this thing is on my weird -ahhh TV resolution settings???)
	Seeding (random, that is)
	
	(both unlikely, but viable)
	Inventory system
	Shop system (Cassidee!!!!!! FUTURE FORK)
3.5?:
	
	Settings
	Credits:
		My personal touch (not some boring - ahh rolling text)
	
	Auto-count / add green text for when sprun is met (Draven playtest, the two separate corners of the screen where you have the sprun on left, and the total cost on the right)
	
	Way to unlock new moves (such as: being locked because first-time sprun)
	
	Tab to move through game (do game exclusively through keyboard, useful towards working with a controller)
4: 
	Death saves? (Deltarune, DnD, revival at all?)
	Hide unnecessary tabs (rat cannot defend)
	Skip characters that don't have any actions (like hamsters and mice)
	
	
	
	art and music lol
	https://lonebot.itch.io/make-it-juicy
	
	Shovel's Pixel Perfect screen resolution thing (1920 x 1080)
	
	Tutorial (make it good gosh darn it):
		Turn Queue!!!!!!!! (top to bottom)
		Taking away sprun vs Sprun needed to use
		What character's turn it is
5:
	Distributing...:
		Steam, Itch, so on
	Outreaching:
		Shovel: Showcase Saturday on Discord (find the emails of content creators and so on) 
	Hi_Pirates.txt
	
6 (almost definitely never gonna happen):
	Different kinds of sprun (red for ATK, blue for DFD, and so on)
	Pass to maintain defense

Quirks:
	Balance the funny and serious (makes both more meaningful)
	2...3...4! (Tangled Up)
	Looking up Camera Angle (size up)
	Kitty needs 9 slots for their 9 lives! I did that on accident
	
	Putting an enemy inside of the player section makes the game freak out because it doesn't have set sprun slots
		However, they can still defend perfectly fine! Most stuff still works hahaha
	
	DeBuffs aren't yet implemented in the Root NPC_resource. This may be a feature rather than an overlook...

Refactoring
	Animation tracks don't worry about unresolvable tracks (the NPC's animate node has a track for Enemy intent, but Player doesn't have intent and doesn't need the track)
	Make HP changing set by a tween (instead of process)
	Set that one .set() method that isn't already in ready() for some reason
	Open slot for an Action resource on the ActionButton (for use in default player actions)

Bugs:
	After Bunnell playtested, immediate next turn was an error where all enemies' last child (an audio node) was deleted, and I have no idea why that happened
	(2/18/2026) Still happens, $DoDefend, after a player Rat died, for both characters
	
	Strange rounding error, difference between shown stat bar damage and actual inflicted damage
		(need a specific case, forgot where to find one and too annoyed to bother)
		For now, it's me not paying attension to damage
	
Semibugs??:
	(2/13/2026) Using a quick action to end a round looks weird, but functions properly

Optimization:
	Don't remake the character resource when switching dimensions
	Don't remake the buttons when switching to 1D
	Don't have two (resource vs instance) identical datas for one NPC

Exploits:
	Hold onto one enemy at the end of a round (do I want players to do this? not really, but it's a good tactic)
		- could just keep buffing selves til infinity and healing with wizard, theoretically

Noot noot
Holy carp the game works on mobile by accident!!!!
THE RULE OF FOUR

Rodent Lord Rodents:
	Rats (poison + bite)
	Mouse (weak, easy to spawn)
	Hamster (chunky)
	Porkypine (thorns)
	Flying Squirels, chipmunks, beavers, capybaras, gopher, base squirel

Art + SFX needed:
	Fire debuff, Speed stat, Poison debuff, Berserk enemy, Charge-up enemy, Fireball, Megalazer... everything lol
	Make a Sprun (pixel circle, or just circle) in Blender


New system (not currently in progress):
	RootCharas and RootEnemies are the code and interal processes, like take_damage and so on
	
	Representatives that handle the art and sound are inside of the dimension roots, but do not
	- handle the code, they take signals from the RootNPCs and deal from there
	
	why?
	+Saves memory by not having to rewrite the NPC_resources to the dimension
	+Prevents having to write every player script twice for dimensions


Devlog lol:
	Data transfer from 1D to 3D!!!
	(why is the resource correct for initialized, but the instance isn't??)
